What is Rest endpoints verbs or nouns
Complete abt REST
How can u validate jwt token in backend
About and Alternative of jwt
Functionality of OAuth
Def of iterators generators decorators
Fibonacci using generator
Define mro
Implement Multiple exceptions and create customexception class
What is finally and where do we use in real time
Diff between thread nd process
Diff between asyncio and thread
Can api calls be called as io tasks for thread
Explain GIL in thread and process
Default testing module in python
Fixtures in python
What is mock and why we will use it
What is virtualenv and how can we send all the dependencies to other ppl
How do u debug the code like logging print statements
Acid properties
Wht mean by dirty read
Wht is indexing
Disadvantages of indexing
Whts mean by docker containerisation
Diff docker nd docker compose
What are volumes in docker
Wht datastructure gives a pop complexity of O(1) for poping first ele
Explain how heap works
Poping in heap
Functionality of heapify
Solid principles
Design patterns
What is router in fastapi
REST architecture and implementation
Websockets working
3 way handshake
AWS VPc
Subnet and usage and representation
Dynamodb
Diff ec2 and lambda
Lambda func duration
Diff between relational nd non relationship db
Binary search prob
Wht is orm
Git pull
Git rebase
Chunking and its types
Langraph
Readme file - imp setup
Proj code

Git concepts: rebase, cherry pickin, diff bw merge and rebase
Python:
List comprehension and implementation with code, dict comprehension with code
Oops concept, diff bw ds. Ex code for each pillar with def
All python ds
Which is better set or dict, which is used for faster retrieval
Code for above ds, how
Context managers, write ex code
*Iterators, generators, decorators. Use and ex code for each and we used and which is better and why*
Multithreading and multitasking : implementation on both ways with code
Garbage collection in python, how its implemented. In detail from low level how python manges it.  GC library for gb collection
Prepare initial modules very well, basic, med, adv
What is duck typing, ex code and its explanation
Design patterns, SOLID principles def ex and code
Database
Sql: write queries, diff bw groupby, having, orderby. Where we use CTE, sqlalchemy
Indexing, keys, views, aggregate functions, JOINS
ACID properties, transaction principles, BASE properties for NoSQL
Diff
SOLID explain all principles, DRY, KISS, YAGNI.
Design patterns, explain two to three
DSA: comfortable with tree, graph. Linkedlist, stack queue, with code
Write and reverse a linkedlist.

Docker:
What is it, important commands for it.
Logging:
How its implemented, what concepts you are using in project. Library of logging

AWS:
Aws: what are ec2, subnets. How do you create alert for billing. Basic services of aws and why we use it
Machine Learning: Diff bw supervised and unsupervised, k means, knn, svm, pca working and diff, where to use which one and why
GenAI: about the project end to end flow, langchan, langgraph, vectordb, rag,
FastAPI: write sample how to declare a route, diff b/w Django and fastapi, which is better and why. Why pydantic is used. How will you declare fastapi. How its exposed in swagger get, post, put, patch, delete-> diff bw these methods
GenAI: project: end to end flow of everything, whats your contribution indetail, what concepts and why others have used. What is ML, DL.
Transformer architecture, and what is it. Langgraph, langchain